It's common first learning about streams and
tables to think of them in opposition to each other.
It's true that they do in fact satisfy
different types of problems and give us different type of data,
but they're not in opposition to each other.
In fact, they're complimentary.
When we talk about a stream or we talk about a table,
what we're really describing is the expected output of our streaming application.
It's a way of describing how we expect to convey meaning
from the action our stream processing application is performing.
Streams describe applications that are transforming or filtering
input data into an unending sequence of immutable events.
Tables describe applications that are creating
a roll up point-in-time view that is continually updated as new data is generated.
Many stream processing frameworks will ask you to
choose between a stream or a table type,
but what you're really being asked to choose between is
the expected output type of your application.